5	I needed a set of jumper cables for my new car and these had good reviews and were at a good price.  They have been used a few times already and do what they are supposed to - no complaints there.What I will say is that 12 feet really isn't an ideal length.  Sure, if you pull up front bumper to front bumper they are plenty long, but a lot of times you will be beside another car or can't get really close.  Because of this, I would recommend something a little longer than 12'.Great brand - get 16' version though.
4	These long cables work fine for my truck, but the quality seems a little on the shabby side. For the money I was not expecting 200 dollar snap-on jumper cables but these seem more like what you would see at a chinese knock off shop like harbor freight for 30 bucks.
5	Can't comment much on these since they have not yet been used (I will come back and update my review is I find any issues after first use) ... but they are built solid, nice tough big hard clamps and love having a long cable so I never have to move cars around or anything if needed. I bought these to have in my new truck since you always need cables ... but another reason is for when I tow my travel trailer and we run the batteries with no shore power they may die after a couple days ... if you are in need a quick small recharge they are the perfect length to pop my hood, run the cables to the back of the truck and hook up to the batteries that are on the tongue of my travel trailer ... running the truck for 30-45 minutes with this nice large gauge wire connected from my battery tot he trailer battery will give me a bit of a charge if ever in a pinch and I have no shore power, solar, or generator to recharge.Bought the bucket boss 06009 jumper cable bag and it fit this 25 footer Perfectly!!!It has no use and is a waste of money right now ... but will EASILY pay for itself the first time you need it ... always be prepared! :)
5	I absolutley love Amazon!!!  For the price of a set of cheap Booster/Jumper Cables in a brick and morter store, you can buy extra long and heavy duty jumpers!  First off, don't be the person that not only needs to ask a kind passer-by for a "jump" but also if they have jumper cables.  It's MUCH easier to get a jump start if you have your own cables.Next lets talk about sizing.  Having the longest cable possible is a major plus if your car is parked up against something like a pole or wall, or even parked on a one way street.  The "booster car" (the car w/o a dead battery) can pull in close enough to use the cables without having to manuver into some akward position.  Or better yet, you won't have to push your vehicle into a position to be jumped.  If your diving a normal sized car they can even pull in behind you to jump you!  Or if their vehicle is the shorter of the two, they could pull in front.  Now how about gauge?  For those who aren't electricians or engineers, as the number value of gauge decreases, the size and capacity of the cable increases.  So for example 6-ga has about twice as much copper wire as 8-ga, and 4-ga is a about twice as much as 6-ga, so on and so on.  That doesn't mean you double the capacity of wire with every two numbers though.  4-gauge may sound like a lot but it really isn't.The technical stuff.  Don't worry if this doesn't make sense, you don't really need to know all of this, but I'm trying to make a point as to why to get the longest and heavist cables you can.  I'm not an electrican but I've worked with it long enough to know a few general rules of thumb.  First of the enemy of electricty is resistance.  Resistance ultimately determines the load a particular wire can carry.  Five things factor into resistance.  Temperature, conductor, voltage, load, and distance.  Temp we can't control, so we have to assume the worst (HOT)...or in other words need heavier cable.  Conductor should be copper, or at least a high purity mix of copper...good there.  Voltage...12VDC is a low voltage system...probably the biggest problem we face.  Since is a low voltage system we have to contend with voltage drop as it travels over the wire.  The higher the voltage, the longer it can run with acceptable levels of voltage drop over a particular gauge wire...so again since it's low voltage need heavier gauge wire.  Load (Amperage)...it's a car starter so it takes A LOT of power.  The voltage is a fixed number (more or less) so Amperage is determined by the size of the engine your trying to start.  And you'd be surprised how high that can be.  Even a small engine can be well over 300 Cranking Amps.  That said even a "dead" battery will put out some power.  As for distance...this cables selling point is also a draw back.  25' is LONG run for 12VDC.  So like I said in the last line 4-ga isn't as much as you think.  In fact, if you have an engine over 6-liters you should really consider 2-ga for this distance.  So summing up in layman's terms...considering the hot temperatures outside, the fact that it's 12VDC and we need a long cable, and that we're trying to start a car engine (which takes a LOT of power) these are the ONLY cables I could reccomend for anyone driving a small car up to a light truck.Lets talk about how to properly start a car with a drained battery.  Make sure the LAST connection make is the NEG clamp to the "dead" car on a frame ground (something metal and NOT MOVING or GOING TO MOVE in the engine compartment.)  Don't attach it directly to the battery's NEG post.  Next lightly rev the engine of the running vehicle for 3 to 5 minutes.  This will put a bit of a surface charge on the dead battery.  Then attempt to start the car.  As soon as it starts remove the cables (starting with the NEG on the car being jumped.)  If you ever have a dead battery for any reason...take it to an auto parts store as soon as possible and have it tested to make sure it still holds a proper charge.  Most places do it for free.  NEVER touch the clamps together once connected to a battery!!!  Doing so could damage you vehicles electrical system, and/or cause fire, burns, explosion of the battery, damages to your cables...A couple of final thoughts.  Protect your investment.  I bought a cable bag that works really well to keep them from getting tangled with everything in my trunk.  Also keep the twist ties that come with them which will keep them organized inside the cable bag.  And once used, take them home and clean and dry them before storing them once again.  The oils inside of engine compartments can be corrosive to rubber jackets and copper contacts.  These cables are more than worth they weight in gold!  They are inexpensive and top notch quality!
5	I purchased the 12' feet long cable set and they arrived in a retail cardboard box with handle, which could be used as a storage and carrying case for these cables, although I will not need to store them with the carry box.  These are high quality long cables of high grade materials and I believe worth the price I paid for them.  They will store in the back seat storage compartment of my truck easily.  Recomend.
5	These Jumper cables are heavy Duty, Yet easy to Store. I keep them in one of my containers on my delivery vehicle. They are high quality. They are 4 gauge cable, so they are perfect and long enough to Start are Utilimaster Diesel trucks when are batteries are run Down. There are more expensive cables and even more sever duty use cables. these are perfect for this type of vehicle in an Emergency. The cost is reasonable as well. With 25 feet, you don't have to get real close to the other vehicle. you can pull up to the back and or side and just run the cables under or down the side of the vehicle.
5	bought these for my k2500 suburban plenty of length front to rear. i ended up using them right out of the box as i for a dead battery in my truck. they worked great. several people have complained about the clamps. they worked well for me and i had no issues with poor connections. cables are well made.
5	these are good enough to get most motorized vehicles up and running, for semi and farm equipment, get solid copper.
4	The Coleman Cable 08665 12-Feet Heavy-Duty Truck and Auto Battery Booster are great, heavy and fit perfectly into the Arsenal 5888 Cable organizer.  Hopefully i don't ever need to use them but better to be prepared than sorry.
5	I have an old car, Its bound to need these sometime. I got a set after I gave my old ones to my boss whose truck was acting up. These are long (20') and heavy duty feeling. Usually I'm giving someone else a jump. If I ever have a bad experience with these I will come back and update the review.
4	I seem to use jumper cables at least several time every year; usually on someone else's car. I've &#34;rescued&#34; a few strangers in parking lots because I keep cables in my cars. The 20' length is a safety feature; you shouldn't have to lay these cables across an engine bay to reach a battery. Aluminum wire? Well, these are consumer grade. They'll get the job done at reasonable cost.
5	All other jumper cables are not real jumper cables.  THESE are jumper cables.  Let me explain.When you're in a bind on some dark night in some parking lot somewhere and your battery is dead, you need to get out of there pronto.In times like that, it's much easier to get a jump if YOU own a set of jumper cables.  It's double good if those jumper cables are long so that they can easily reach the battery of a good samaritan.  Now, according to electrical theory in order for DC current to flow across long distances, you need thicker cable.That's where these cables come in, they're long at 25' and thick at 2gauge.That's what these cables provide, maximum length at near maximum gauge cable.  And yes, your jumper cables SHOULD cost close to as much as your spare tire because that's what you need --- just look up the cost of copper on the market (that stuff is expensive).Yes, you can buy a $17 set of 10 foot, 18 gauge cables out there but if they can't reach between cars or if they can't carry enough power to start your car, you might as well have been lugging a brick in your trunk all those years and you might as well have enjoyed a good lunch with the $17 for all the false confidence it gave you.  I'm serious, buy an extension cord for $5 and you get as much jumping potential as many of the so called 'jumper' cables on the market --- there should be laws against marketing products that cannot jump start a car.  Worse, having no cables or less-than-worthless cables means that a criminal might reach you before you can get a jump and make your getaway.At the end of the day, you want a 25' or 20' cable, so you better be looking at 2gauge or 4 gauge cable - no compromises there.  You can go to 6gauge if you're working your way down to 16' cables.  But, the reality is that you always need a few extra feet when trying to jump start someone's car parked in some tight parking space --- so you're back to the 25' and 2 gauge.Pros- I know I can jump start a Semi with these (more importantly, I can get a jump from a Semi - Truck drivers are the good guys btw)- Extra long at 25'- Parrot clamp are strong, but an average guy can open them with one hand- Copper inserts in the parrot clamps is nice- Clamps are rated at 500amps- they're friggin heavy at near 14lbs, yes that's a pro!  that means there's 14 POUNDS of Copper in there and that's what allows the current to flow as freely as the Amazon river (no pun intended). It's huge.Cons- I do have an issue that the copper cable is not attached to the copper inserts in the clamps, it screws into the metal clamp rather than into the copper insert.  I don't know if that's a mistake or not.  I'm thinking about doing a bit of retrofitting.  I'm sure it's more than enough the way it is.Overall, these are as close an approximation to the kind of jumper cables that my dad had when I was growing up.  He custom made his -- he's old school.Anyway, if you're going to carry jumper cables, and you should --- don't muck around -- spend the dough, get these --- they'll last a lifetime and will not let you down.Advice, after you get a jump don't waste time rolling these things up in some dark parking lot -- just toss the heavy mangled mess into your trunk and get home.  There's always time the next day to roll these monsters back up and get them ready for the next wild adventure you might have.
